with the f700 gs bmw offers a trade
high- end entry-level
registered in the lineage of gs this
last one so we show the
main features punch
ease and lightness
displaying 2 109 kg dry and masses
well distributed thanks to his
tank in the back shell and a
narrowness welcome the little 700 does
enjoy a meter 65 of his ample seat
to the excellent maintains despite its 820
mm high
three other salt writers are
however available as an option
835 790 or 7 165 mm remains to be
familiar with the handlebars really
wide and small section and one is
especially comfortable side
multiple reflection instrumentation and
oval shape does not facilitate the
readability the aesthetic has won
shipboard computer monitoring the
tire pressure rdc handles
heating or else adjusting the
esa electronic suspension in three
positions and traction control as is
disconnectable equipping our model
test are optional the bay is very
effective though too sensitive to
the back is by cons of series
the rear shock is for its part
adjustable prestressing
if it bears the denomination 707 I
it is well powered by the vertical twin
from 780 to 18 cubic centimeters are
deep and soft exhaust the
confirmed
here displaying 75 horses
the bishop motor block of multiples
facets each accompanied by a
sound more and more metallic and
angry pot use the long run
and the slight latency of the accelerator
allows crisis and comfortably
while the sporting pleasure arrives
in the last quarter of 1500 handles at
2000 rpm before the break at
9000 sober enjoyable cuts the powerful and
starting from 2000 revolutions / minute
relatively linear once exceeded
a slight hollow when starting the engine
allows to evolve on the fourth or
fifth report in town taking advantage
of its flexibility of the sweetness of the
final transmission by chain and
the agility of the light cycle part the
gs son unhindered in the middle of
cars flying over mirrors on
highway as on road stability
is formidable and only the lack of
protection of the headlight cap little
embarrassed at shoulders above
110 km time
the fork closes at the attack guarantees a
rigorous behavior and good comfort
while braking forward on
languages raises the motorcycle from the arena has
made to dance we can not have everything
but for this price we have the right to do
off road and enjoy the exercise
as evidenced by the footrests
here too the f700 gs is very
pleasant
urban trail I was at the roadster very
ten years everything depends on what you want
do with and the way we
takes him the f700 gs is a bmw in
all its splendor
up to its expensive price maybe
too much considering what can be offered in
plus f 800 gs